[DOCS] Ray Serve Documentation Overhaul (#8524)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/key-concepts.rst

============
Key Concepts
============

Ray Serve focuses on **simplicity** and only has two core concepts: endpoints and backends.

To follow along, you'll need to make the necessary imports.

.. code-block:: python

  from ray import serve

>   serve.init() # initializes serve and Ray

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  serve.init() # Initializes Ray and Ray Serve.
```

.. _serve-endpoint:

Endpoints
=========

Endpoints allow you to name the "entity" that you'll be exposing, 
the HTTP path that your application will expose. 
Endpoints are "logical" and decoupled from the business logic or 
model that you'll be serving. To create one, we'll simply specify the name, route, and methods.

.. code-block:: python

  serve.create_endpoint("simple_endpoint", "/simple")

You can also delete an endpoint using `serve.delete_endpoint`.
Note that this will not delete any associated backends, which can be reused for other endpoints.

.. code-block:: python

  serve.delete_endpoint("simple_endpoint")

.. _serve-backend:

Backends
========

Backends are the logical structures for your business logic or models and 
how you specify what should happen when an endpoint is queried.
To define a backend, first you must define the "handler" or the business logic you'd like to respond with. 
The input to this request will be a `Flask Request object <https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/api/?highlight=request#flask.Request>`_.

> Once you define the function (or class) that will handle a request. 

Reviewer: Not a complete sentence

You'd use a function when your response is stateless and a class when you
might need to maintain some state (like a model). 
For both functions and classes (that take as input Flask Requests), you'll need to 
define them as backends to Ray Serve.

> It's important to note that Ray Serve places these backends in individual workers, which are replicas of the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that Ray Serve places these backends in individual worker processes, which are replicas of the model.
```
